[to #348] Add examples to docs (#453)
tikv/client-java: docs/src/architecture/availability.md

# Availability: Backoff and Retry Policy

## BackOffer

> The sleep and timeout mechanism is controlled by a BackOffer object, which is created one per RawKVClient method. The BeckOffer will decide how much time the next sleep will spend, and whether enough time is spent and no more retry should be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The retry and timeout mechanism for a request is controlled by a `BackOffer` object, which is created one per `RawKVClient` method. The `BackOffer` will decide how much time the next sleep and retry should spend, and whether to timeout the request if not enough time is left for retrying the request.
```

If we need a back off sleep, we call backOffer.doBackOff(funcType, exception), and the current thread will sleep for a decided time. If the current operation will timeout after sleep, the doBackOff simply throw an exception to abort the operation.

## callWithRetry

> RegionStoreClient.callWithRetry inherits from AbstractGRPCClient.callWithRetry. The concrete logic is in RetryPolicy.callWithRetry, which implements a retry mechanism, but the specific retry strategy is determined by the ErrorHandler.

Reviewer: could you illustrate more about the policy to determine the sleep time?
